gh-137113 docs: note readline no longer supported in REPL after 3.13 (#137142)
python/cpython: Doc/library/readline.rst

.. sectionauthor:: Skip Montanaro <skip.montanaro@gmail.com>

.. note::

>    The new REPL introduced in version 3.13 no longer supports readline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The new :term:`REPL` introduced in version 3.13 doesn't supports readline.
```

Because it has never supported readline (I think).

Author: Thanks, I have added this suggestion in another commit as there is a small grammar error in this suggestion, should be doesn't support rather than doesn't supports

Thank you for the help!

>    The Python REPL after version 3.13 no longer supports readline as per :gh:`118840`.

Reviewer: I don't have much confidence in this, but #118840 didn't talk much about why `readline` is not supported, so linking it here doesn't provide much help.

Reviewer: I think using The new REPL introduced in 3.13 doesn't support readline is a better approach because we don't drop support for it, and users can still use it if they switch to the old REPL.

Author: @aisk Thank you for the kind feedback, I have changed the docs for this according to your suggestion.

>    However, readline can still be used by setting the :envvar:`PYTHON_BASIC_REPL` environment variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   However, readline can still be used by setting the :envvar:`PYTHON_BASIC_REPL`
   environment variable.
```

This line is slightly too long, other parts looks good to me.

.. sectionauthor:: Skip Montanaro <skip.montanaro@gmail.com>

.. note::
   The new :term:`REPL` introduced in version 3.13 doesn't support readline.
   However, readline can still be used by setting the :envvar:`PYTHON_BASIC_REPL`
   environment variable.

> 

Reviewer 2: I think this should be placed at the end of the page, not the beginning.
Not sure if using note markup is needed.

Author: Hi, thanks for reviewing this PR. I shifted this to the end, but felt it looked better with the note markup, otherwise semantically it looked out of place.

Author: @merwok could I please get a review, thanks so much!
